======== SAMPLE 1 ========


The question is: Who gets the property, and does it belong to the state? This question is already raised by a recent French law, the Right of Residence of Censors, which guarantees their exclusive transfer to the state; this law, which guarantees its limitation to the public domain? This law, which guarantees its exclusive possession of lands so that each citizen can always have the right to gather his fish—which right will in all future cases be limited to a particular fishing-right, provided he can have also the right of returning it—is the right to keep it? This right, according to the present law, is the right of property of the owner. If this right is to be exercised, however, the state must make it clear how far the property is to be transferred, or what manner in its administration it is to be transferred. Hence, it is clearly advisable to possess the property exclusively in the name of the property-owner. Moreover, it is advisable to transfer it so as to always be of a general character.

XIV.

Property, not in itself, but in its natural form, becomes of itself, in the first ground, the object, as property; hence, the state only recognizes property, not property by property by property; it is always, in fact, considered as property if it did not exist. It exists only at the end: The person who gives it to me shall belong to me; what use may it have for that use, if he obtains more than I give him? Again: How could an object belonging to the state consist of the same objects as that belonging to the state—a determined end and which does not consist of a rational end?

The question: How, then, do I determine upon his property from his conception? In the same manner, that which gives rise to property in the sensual world depends upon the conception of property, and no rational being at all can give up its property for nothing. All property presupposes the possibility of a rational being; and thus the property of men presupposes the freedom and freedom to be free and to be free. The property of men, therefore, is necessarily of an indefinite quantity, and signifies the property of the only free being, a determined being—perhaps of the same character as we ourselves have described.

And to-day, under this law of property, I claim I own this subjection, and hence acquire it by transfer; my exclusive possession. I am a proprietor of the objects assigned by this law; in other words, I am proprietor of his property. By virtue of this law, I thus claim that I know his property in all cases of investigation. Nevertheless, I am also subject to the law of transfer of property through the transfer of property of others. A certain condition of law-conception, this condition, has already been given here.

The first rule of law-conception is, therefore: no person may transfer his property to another who has not conditioned the property of the other by the transfer of property.

This rule, which all men can comprehend as a rule derived from the above, is, however, very important and a necessary one, if one does not attach a fixed amount of property, but is always subject to the common property-compact. Hence, the principle is: the transfer of property from one to another from property, is conditioned by the rule of law.

XV.

The ground of the property-compact is, however, that in exchange I give away the same property as I have exchanged it for that same property, and that these possessions are subject to that law and to the general property-compact. The only criterion of this conditioned agreement is, therefore, that in exchange I shall give away the same property and not the property of the previously exchanged property. This conditioned agreement is called the property-compact.

If the condition of the property-compact is, that no one may take possession of my property or the possessions that I own at all, then the property-compact is, that no one may, of course, exchange one possession for another possession. But since that very general right was made through the common law of property, and since that law recognizes no single person as proprietor of a free object, this is a general agreement of all beings.


XXI.

The property-compact must be so called in the property-state. Its ground lies in the relation of the subject to the condition of condition of condition.

We do not need to discuss that relation now: property-relation can, however, be considered as the unconditioned unconditioned.

The ground of property-relation lies in the relation of the subject to the condition of the property state. In a given state, as, say, an established fact of physics, it can be established as possible only in a particular historical manner, and a particular subject can be
